Goal - we will use this project to manage live trades on Dhan and this will be deployed on OCI (cloud)


On the top panel, common to all pages, show Nifty, Sense, India Vix like in (Options Dash)
Details,
1. Create page - 'Manage Trades'
2. Login in to Dhan
3. Check all the live trades , segregrate them in to equity, options - buy, options - sell in the UI
4. I should be able to manage options trades from here
5. I should be able set stop loss and target for each strike 


1. Create another page 'Trade Journals'
2. Show consolidated details for the day in the page, also add two text field. Strategy Details, Lessons Learnt.

GENERAL Details
Create python virtail env.
For front end use Next.JS 
For Middletier use Fast APIs
For Database use SQLLite for now

take inspiration (also copy .env) from the below project
/Users/shyamdk/Developer/options/options-dash


Take in to consideration, 
Cost - per transction (sell/ buy) - brokerage - 20 Rs , plus govt. charges (Check internet)

In the sell table, also add, % distance for each of the legs from spot (if it gets closer like .5% or Less , 
send alarms to telegram)

This will be on public URL, can we introduce authentication and secure this in the best possible way. 



The top panel is ok, but still %, remaining, Remain % is disappearing now and then...

Are the SL/ Target Dhan Order is also implemented as part of logic?


Any closed trade, show be deployed before the in progress trades in a separate section. 
It should be included in Day P & L section (along with other things)



Dont separate out Buy and Sell options. I think thats wrong logic.
I should be able to tag each strike, based on the tag group stikes separately
and also compute PL and charges separately.. 
Tag will be some text - eg. bn_monthly, intraday, n_weekly
I should be able to edit and update tags for each of the strikes

Create a new tab - real option selling
I am uploading safe trades (some times taking opportunites when premium increased)
i did today (sensex expiry) - /Users/shyamdk/Developer/options/live-options/selling_data/30thJulySensexExpiry.csv
What i did yesterday - Day Before Sensex Expiry - 29thJulySensex.xlsx
What i did no Tuesday - Nifty Expiry -  28thJulyNiftyExpiry.xlsx
So, my trades are safe (but with value) theta decay trades. I am at a safe distance
and when markets move either side and premium increase, i try to capitalize on them.
As i have only 23L margin money. I start small (but at safe distance) and
as market moves , I add more trades.
E.g Some times, if its flat for a long time, i go closure
If it rpaidly moves down, i move further away and sell etc.

check the option chain data, check the OHCLC 

Now based on these files, can you suggest a strategy for me to sell.
What is the range of stike i can select
How we can use the sentimental news coming in
when to book loss and go further out of money
How to dtermine if the market is flatish and i can go slightly inside to get more premium 
etc.

First show me the strategy , we will review before we implement.